feat: warning about alias with spaces (#625)
salesforcecli/plugin-settings: messages/alias.set.md

# error.ValueRequired

You must provide a value when setting an alias. Use `sf alias unset my-alias-name` to remove existing aliases.

# warning.spaceAlias

The alias "%s" includes a space. We recommend aliases without spaces.

> If you decide to keep "%s" to always wrap it in double quotes when using it in any CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide to keep "%s", you must wrap it in double quotes when using it in any CLI command.  For example:  sf project deploy start --target-org "my scratch". 
```
